Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We've gone as far as we can go by road.
We need a boat.
Should only take a few days.
We shouldn't be here.
The jungle doesn't want us here.
There is...
We have to do this.
What's waiting for us
will change our lives.
Fine.
I'll go alone.
Don't do this!
It's here.
Get to the boat!
Come on! Let's go!
Take my hand!
Go around. we'll find her.
I want a list of all the boats
that left the marina in the last 3 hours.
Now!
What do you see?
They're doing
some sort of weird snake funeral.
Snake funeral?
Sorry. I thought I heard something.
Ana is not on the boat.
I need you to search the area.
The men are scared to
go deeper into the jungle.
I don't care. we have to find her.
Drop it.
Drop the gun.
The gun.
Now!
Calm down .
This gold can change your life.
You think I care about gold?
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app